Update pg source docs (#11152)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/create-source/postgres.md

## Known limitations

> - **Schema changes:** Materialize does not support changes to schemas for existing publications. You need to drop and recreate the existing sources and then recreate them after creating new publications for the updated schemas. Materialize does attempt to detect when schema changes occur for tables which are part of the source, these changes will cause the whole source to become inaccessible until is recreated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Schema changes:** Materialize does not support changes to schemas for existing publications, and will set the source into an error state if a breaking DDL change is detected upstream. To handle schema changes, you need to drop the existing sources and then recreate them after creating new publications for the updated schemas.
```
